patch(log): use kv stable feature rather than unstable (#3477)
tauri-apps/plugins-workspace: .changes/log-kv-stable-feature.md

---
"log": patch
"log-js": patch
---

> Log plugin is using the `kv_unstable` feature from the `log` crate. That feature was stabilized in [log v0.4.21](https://github.com/rust-lang/log/compare/0.4.20...0.4.21). And this workspace is using [v0.4.27](https://github.com/bajoca05/plugins-workspace/blob/v2/Cargo.lock#L3463), no need to keep using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Migrated from the `log` crate's `kv_unstable` feature flag to the `kv` feature flag stabilized in `0.4.21`.
```
no need to mention the lockfile since that's not user facing
